+++
title = "CAZypedia: Carbohydrate Binding Module Family 63"

# Date first published.
date = "2018-05-24"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**William R Chase**", "Daniel J Cosgrove"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "CAZypedia"
publication_short = "CAZypedia"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "CAZypedia is a living encyclopedia of the carbohydrate-active enzymes and their associated carbohydrate-binding modules (CBMs) involved in the synthesis, modification, and degredation of complex carbohydrates. CBM63 is the carbohydrate binding domain of expansin, a protein which non-enzymatically loosens the plant cell wall. Here, we present an up-to-date mini-review of the structural and functional properties of CBM63. This is a living document which should be consistently updated to reflect the most recent research on CBM63 and its associated modules."
abstract_short = "A living-document mini-review of CBM63, the carbohydrate binding domain of expansins."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = "//www.cazypedia.org/index.php/Carbohydrate_Binding_Module_Family_63"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = "b"

+++
